Added documentation to clarify the speed limit for calamari upgrades (#474)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/infrastructure/deployment-targets/machine-policies.md

Tentacle can be toggled to manually or automatically update Tentacle.  If **Automatically update Tentacle** is selected, Octopus will start a task to update Tentacles whenever Octopus detects that there is a pending Tentacle upgrade (after health checks for example). Conversely, Octopus will not automatically start a task to update Tentacle but will prompt to begin a Tentacle update on the environments screen.

### Maximum number of concurrent upgrades {#MachinePolicies-MaxCalamariUpgrades}

> There is a limit to the number of concurrent upgrades possible when choosing `Always keep Calamari up to date`, this is to ensure that upgrades to do not adversely effect the performance of your Octopus Server.

Reviewer: Slight tweak to the language:
```suggestion
There is a limit to the number of concurrent upgrades possible when choosing `Always keep Calamari up to date`. This ensures that upgrades do not adversely effect the performance of your Octopus Server.
```

> The number of concurrent upgrades will be double the Octopus Servers logical processor count. It will be a minimum of 2 and will not exceed 32.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The number of concurrent upgrades will be double the Octopus Server's logical processor count which is a minimum of 2 and will not exceed 32.
```
